[Harshad] 'What a lovely house
you've made, my lady!'
We'll build a terrace garden here.
- You know, with those miniature plants and trees?
- Bonsai.
[Harshad] 'Bonsai. We'll plant those too.
I've heard they are very lucky.'
What is it?
Is everything okay?
What do I say?
You tell me.
Is everything okay at work?
What do you mean?
Your business is beyond
my understanding.
But I do understand that all the
newspapers are writing about you.
So let them.
It's worthless news.
Many homes run thanks to
your husband, my lady.
News reporters are amongst them.
- So, let them earn too.
- I'm scared.
It feels different this time.
What's different?
- You think too much.
- Hey!
[Title Montage]
'I won't take up
too much of your time.'
'I know...'
'...that most of you are here...'
'...to listen to just one man.'
According to me, he's a scientist.
Einstein of the share market.
Harshad Mehta. Please, come.
[crowd applauding]
Thank you.
To be honest, I can't even
spell 'Einstein'.
[laughter]
But that's okay.
It's new.
These days, people are also calling me
the thief of the stock market.
The newspapers refer to me as
"Big Bull"...
"Big Bull has run away
with 500 crores from SBI."
They mean
I have swallowed up SBI's 500 crore.
If at all I had to swallow money,
why just 500 crores?
Huh?
The money market sets up a daily buffet...
of two lakh crores.
So imagine. What Harshad Mehta's
daily transactions would be!
But they aren't taking my name.
They just write "Big Bull".
Well, everyone knows,
I am the Big Bull.
[Harshad] 'Hmm?'
But what does my being the Big Bull have to do
with the reconciliation of security transactions?
Indirectly what they're
trying to say is...
...that I am responsible
for the bull run in the market.
Okay. That's fine.
But that also means...
if it wasn't for me...
...the market would be lumbering along
at the pace of a bullock cart?
-[Harshad imitating sound of a bullock cart]
-[laughter]
The truth is that
the newspapers have no proof.
That's why they aren't
taking my name openly.
Because there's no truth
in what they're saying.
I took 500 crores from SBI.
Yes, it's true. I did.
But I also returned it.
How about printing that?
Hmm?
But they won't.
Because, if it's not negative,
it's not news.
The newspaper needs to sell, right?
They too have homes to run, don't they?
But their baseless and biased news
doesn't scare me.
Why should I be scared?
Because I've broken
the monopoly of foreign banks in the money market?
In Mumbai...
...every morning when the gong is struck
at the stock market...
...my name is chanted along with it.
This is Bombay.
Here, everything will change...
...but the ocean will always be there.
So, I am the ocean
of Dalal Street.
If you have the guts,
you can taste the salt.
[crowd applauding]
They say the market
will reopen on the 28th.
The strike will be over.
If the SEBI chairman had
already accepted their demands...
...then what was the point of stretching
the strike on for so long?
- Ashwin Bhai, I think...
- Your thoughts are absolutely right, Bhushan.
The publishing of this article,
the extension of the strike...
It's all been too
well-planned and timed.
So that, as soon as the market opens
the sentiment is low and it crashes...
You and I get it,
but we are duffers, right?
But this fellow...
...a genius,
"Einstein" of the market.
His brain has stopped working.
Look at him.
You should've heard his speech.
That Sucheta Dalal didn't take any names.
But he... he confessed publicly...
"I am the Big Bull of the market."
- A round of applause for him.
- Confessions are made by criminals.
I only stated facts.
And that too, only so that nobody
can take a stand against us.
And what is wrong
with what I said?
What do we have to hide?
What should I hide?
Now, even SBI has confirmed
that they've received their money.
So? What's the issue?
Then, why don't you also tell everyone
where the money to repay SBI came from?
- Right?
- Ashwin Bhai...
[Rajdeep] 'Therefore, I was saying
it's not a front-page story.'
What will the follow-up story be?
Harshad is admitting
that he took money from SBI.
'Even to me, it seems like a daily deal
that he does regularly with banks.'
'Even SBI officials are
saying the same thing.'
Soon, people are going to
question us...
...about our motive!
Harshad is making us look
like a f*****g gossip magazine.
- But Harshad needs to be brought to justice...
- Listen to me, Sucheta.
Harshad is a hero.
A hero for the common man.
His clients, his investors.
He's making profits for them.
People are inclined
to believe whatever he says...
...in spite of
what we write against him.
[Rajdeep] 'Instead, why don't you
write about...'
'...the never-ending brokers' strike
at the BSE?'
- What are you even saying, Rajdeep?
- Yeah.
No. This is a good story
and you know it.
I'm sure you've read the article
that appeared in Times of India?
Yes, sir. The Big Bull
and the securities reconciliation issue.
- Big Bull!
-[smirks]
Great! So, what's new?
We knew this could happen.
And yet, we did nothing.
We were suspecting this
for a year, now.
Sir, we had issued guidelines
last year, sir but...
What... What guidelines
are we talking about?
This one?
"Any instance of return of SGL form
from the PDO..."
"...for want of sufficient balance in
the account..."
"...should be immediately brought
to the Reserve Bank's notice..."
"...with the details
of the transactions."
I'm sure, half the people
didn't even get it.
And the rest...
They just wiped and flushed it.
[Mukherjee] 'Sir...'
How do we proceed, sir?
Use your sources with every bank.
[Venkitarajan] 'And...
Conduct a rough audit.'
Find out how far
this garbage has spread...
...and then we will know
the extent of this scam...
Sucheta...
Look...
...Rajdeep is right.
Please don't mind, but...
...I think we rushed the story.
We? Why "we"?
You can blame me directly.
I'm not blaming you, Sucheta.
I'm not blaming.
I was just saying, that maybe...
...if we had investigated more...
...researched a bit more
then we could've...
See, what I mean is that...
if we could have found someone...
...who was willing to go on record
then we'd have...
Debashis, I work for
a daily newspaper.
I don't work for
a magazine, like you...
...that I can sit back and think
because I have a few weeks.
I have a deadline, daily.
If I'd have waited,
I wouldn't have had a story.
You know Harshad Mehta
is a bloody scamster.
You know what? If they want
a goddamn follow up...
- ...I am gonna find one.
- Sucheta, listen.
Sucheta...
Look, you...
[Debashis] 'If you are mad at me,
I'll leave.'
Why are you leaving
your own house?
[door thuds]
Come on, Sucheta.
[Sucheta] 'Finally the market opened.'
'I still had no paper evidence
against Harshad.'
'But he had gone ahead and admitted
that the article was about him.'
[crowd shouting]
[Sucheta] 'He was trying to downplay
his problems with SBI...'
'...in the hope that the markets
would not react...'
'...but it seemed that the people
had lost trust in Harshad.'
[crowd shouting]
[Sucheta] 'It was a free fall for the
shares in which Growmore was investing...'
If it doesn't hold at 4000,
it will drop further.
- Huh?
- Not you. The Sensex.
This is too much.
There's no chance, Rakesh.
Even if it holds today...
...in a few days,
it'll drop below 3000.
The downward trajectory
has only just started, brother.
Wait and watch.
This time, Harshad is finished.
[Maheshwari chuckles]
We shouldn't be hasty
and go on a buying spree.
We have to be stealthy, like a fox.
Look. This time, we were lucky.
All our losses will get
converted into profits.
True... Our a***s were on fire!
It's good
we only singed some p*bes.
You have no control over your tongue,
nor your bladder.
- I was just...
- What nonsense!
I...
We scraped through this time
but this can't go on.
I think...
...this is the right time
to get out of this casino and retire.
- Retire?
- What are you saying?
We planned all this,
only to stay in the market.
And you're talking of
leaving the market?
I'm not talking about
leaving the market.
Today, I have decided...
...to free myself
from this trading mess.
If I need excitement, thrill,
I'll go to Vegas.
Right?
From now on, only value investing.
Just value investing.
And...
I'll pick good companies, good shares...
...invest big amounts...
...and just wait for long term.
Day to day trading is nonsense.
Focus on the big dream...
...and make millions.
- Maybe billions.
- Maybe trillions.
What are you guys
talking about?
This is the perfect time
to trade in the market.
Look, Mehta will soon be
out of the market.
Sensex will drop
from 3000 to 2500.
And after that, the profit lies in buying.
See, I can't explain the story
of long-term in short.
In 20 to 25 years, the market
will rise to...
...35,000 to 40,000.
It's not going to
go from 3000 to zero.
This is the time to be a bull.
Gone are the days of playing Bears
and nibbling peanuts.
- Hey, Bhai...
- Don't "Hey Bhai" me, I'm talking sense.
If my prediction is correct...
...then who knows,
I could be the next Big Bull.
Sure.
[Bhushan] 'We're past 4000 now.'
The market has sunk so low...
...the Sensex is scraping the floor.
The share market has turned
into a fish market.
Are you listening?
Up until last year,
everyone was buying.
And today, all of a sudden,
the whole world is selling.
Our jobbers were petrified.
As if they were going to be
bashed up by the angry crowd.
- Everyone is scared.
-[Ashwin] 'Of course they are scared.'
'Why won't they be scared?'
The market has dropped by
more than 500 points.
And Polo... Polo has dropped
to 510 from 300 in a snap.
- Brother, we need to think of a strategy soon.
- Strategy?
What kind of strategy?
All we are running on, is hope.
And we're slowly losing that too.
Now start thinking how will we
repay NHB's money?
Is this the first time
you are seeing the market fall?
[Harshad] 'It has opened after a long time.
It's obvious it'll dip.'
It'll lick some dust
and rise again.
And have you forgotten?
We started with a crash.
[Harshad] 'What's new about it?'
What's new, Harshad,
is that this time...
...we are the reason
for the crash.
Even better.
We're the kings of the market.
If we can cause it to fall,
we can make rise it too.
The wind is blowing
in Harshad's favour.
And it will change its course
on our command.
And now after this crash,
how will we return Pherwani's money?
You do know how big
the amount is, don't you?
[knock on the door]
[Kashmira] 'May I come in, sir?'
Kashmira, I told you
I don't want to get disturbed today.
Sorry, sir. But, Mr. Rahil
is on the other line...
...and he insists on
talking to you.
- Connect me.
- Okay, sir.
Hello, Rahil.
- How are you?
- I'm... I'm fine.
Have you seen
the condition of the market?
Yes. So?
[Rahil] 'No, I mean... your men
asked me to invest...'
...and I did. I invested all I had.
I'm deep in it now.
Rahil, I call the stock market,
shock market sometimes.
It can deal a real blow.
At times you make a profit,
at times you incur a loss.
That's what business means, right?
You're lecturing me
about the market?
What do I know about
the stock market?
You said, your men said...
'Invest, invest, invest...' So, I did.
[Rahil] 'It's all over now.'
Rahil, this is the stock market
not a treasure chest...
...that you dip your hand and pull
out a fortune, when you like.
And this money that you invested,
you earned it in the market, right?
So, the market took
some of it back.
[Harshad] 'I didn't take your money.'
I... I get your point, but...
Look Rahil, you are a friend...
...so I'm explaining patiently.
I have many clients.
I can't explain
to each one, can I?
We'll talk peacefully
some other time.
Bhushan, don't smoke here!
[Tyagi] 'So, how much
did the Sensex fall today?'
- Fell by 570 points.
- [Tyagi] 'Wow.'
That's 12.77 per cent
to be precise.
Never before in the history of BSE...
...has it dropped so much
in a single day.
[AK] 'That's more than 10 percent
investor wealth wiped out.'
And I believe, most of them
are Harshad's investors.
Hmm...
And yet, Harshad managed
to repay SBI.
All 500 crores.
I just wonder who funded him?
Whoever it was,
will be exposed soon.
I believe the sensex will
be discussed in the Parliament too.
- Are you sure?
- Pretty sure.
Politicians are on this, AK.
Harshad has taken too much
money from the market.
[Tyagi] 'And he has to return
it all. And due to this fall...'
...his holdings have been halved.
It's time to put an end
to this Harshad Mehta story.
'Today the members
of the parliament debated...'
'...the sudden crash
at the stock market yesterday...'
'...that resulted
in the biggest Sensex fall ever.'
'Under pressure from
the opposition leaders...'
'...the government announced...'
'...that RBI
will probe the event...'
'Today, the members of the...'
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Harshad...
Listen to me carefully.
[Pherwani] 'Your 15 days are over.'
I need my money back.
Pherwani ji,
why do you worry so much?
Worrying is my job.
I owe you the money
and you'll get it.
Harshad, you are not understanding.
RBI has formed
an enquiry committee...
...to inspect your transactions
with the SBI.
[Pherwani] 'Do you understand
what this means?'
It means that these guys can
land up any time at my doorstep.
[Pherwani] 'And I don't want that.'
I want my books clean, that's it.
[Pherwani] 'Either you
organise funds...'
...or ask Grindlays to give BRs.
Look, I've understood the problem.
Please trust me.
[DT] 'The market was bound to react.'
His whole confession of him being
the Big Bull from your article...
...is just another
"Harshad Mehta is a liar" trick.
[DT] 'I'm telling you, he's already
looking at huge losses.'
Do you think even after
making such losses in the market...
...he is going to stop?
He's not going to stop.
No, you're right. He's not...
...unless you prove that
this entire activity is illegal.
Now, it seems like Harshad took
a loan from the bank...
...and he returned it.
Albeit, a bit late.
What if we change
the question itself?
Maybe then it will
be difficult to answer?
Look, if people think it was a loan
of 500 crores, that's okay.
But to return that, where did he get
500 crores in such a short time?
He has enough assets, holdings.
He literally knows everyone.
[DT] 'I mean... half of Delhi
dances to his tune.'
Right. Exactly. So, he must've sold
something, right?
But he didn't. Officially, Growmore
has not done any deals.
[Sucheta] 'It's a matter
of 500 crores.'
'Everybody in the market
would get to know about it.'
Are you saying,
he went to another bank?
If SBI was f*...
...fooled by him.
Then he must have repeated
the same thing...
...with several other banks
again and again.
B******t.
Okay.
Do you think you can find out
which banks he has gone to?
I get your point, but...
...what will you do with
just the name of the bank?
I want to print
just one more headline...
...that will get imprinted
in people's minds forever.
I need another Bellary
to grab this Big Bull by his horns.
'Mr Mehta, we are talking
about an extended line of credit.'
'Under the present circumstances...'
'...it is impossible for Grindlays
to give you this kind of money. '
Then the other option is that
Grindlays gives BRs to NHB...
...for the money
that they have paid.
It's funny you say that.
We credited all the NHB cheques
into your account.
See, all I am saying is to give BRs
worth 500 crores to NHB.
They just need it
for documentation purposes.
And it's just
a piece of paper, right?
It's not just a piece of paper.
Not any longer.
We have strict instructions
to stop all security transactions.
There could be an audit any day.
And is this really this urgent?
It's Sunday.
I don't wanna talk business
on a Sunday.
I understand that.
In fact, I just came here
to play some golf.
I saw you here,
so thought of discussing.
Well, why don't you try a shot,
Mr. Mehta?
Why not?
Sometimes, you have to be
more delicate.
It looks like you don't know
how to play golf.
Yeah, I play cricket a lot.
I think I need to stretch my body
a little bit.
Mr. Mehta, your mind missed the shot.
Not your body.
Maybe, you should just stick
to the game you are good at.
Harshad, we've fallen
out of the frying pan into the fire.
We don't need to hold our holdings
till they hatch.
Let's clear NHB's settlement.
It's not any other private bank.
It's a part of RBI.
And that governor, he's already
pissed at you.
Sell the holdings and end this.
I've heard that these days you
can set up a golf green at home?
You find out.
We'll get one too.
If we have to play their game
we'll have to learn it, right?
What was that he said?
"You have to be delicate."
[dog barks]
Why should I be scared
when you are with me?
What will I do single-handedly
if some goons...
[knocks]
This has all the names.
'I got the list
from Growmore.'
Thanks.
Okay, but my name mustn't
appear anywhere.
- My job will be at stake.
- I don't even know your name.
How can I leak it? And don't worry.
I know how to protect my sources.
Your name won't be revealed.
Okay.
Let's go, uncle. That's enough
for tonight.
Sir, Harshad's SBI scam is nothing.
Every bank has some irregularities
with regard to securities.
-[Ghosh] 'I think that...'
- Ghosh...
How big is it? Number?
Sir, the books are
in a complete mess.
It'll take time to figure out
the exact number, sir.
What are you waiting for?
Get on with this.
This is the list of
all the banks...
...with whom Harshad was dealing
for the past few days.
- And?
- And... So...
...is there anyone, who can
give us some leads?
I mean, someone
who works in any of these banks?
"Us"?
Oh, you mean, someone
who can give "you" a lead, right?
Debu, this is a potential common
lead for both of us.
You can write a detailed,
and well-researched article later.
But I need to break this story
as soon as possible.
- But if you don't wanna help me...
- Okay... Okay...
I'll look for someone
who can get us the details. Okay?
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
I think you gentlemen
should also leave now.
Sir, you should also rest.
You are taking a lot of stress.
Yes, of course,
I'll just finish this and go home.
Should we clear the table?
No. I'll manage.
- Carry on.
- Good night, sir.
Soon, it will be Good Morning.
Anyway, thank you.
[Venkitarajan coughs]
[Venkitarajan] 'Sorry to disturb you
so early in the morning, sir.'
But our estimates were right.
My team has just come back after
the preliminary enquiries and...
Yes.
It is India's biggest financial scam.
Five thousand crores.
But...
Yes, sir... I do understand, but...
Sir, the only way to handle this
is to make it public.
Y-Yes... of course.
Yes, sir.
I will keep it discreet. Yes.
Thank you, sir.
Sorry... I slept...
Did you find anyone?
Yes? Did you find anyone?
Here.
I didn't.
But News Press did.
[Debashis] "According to the
sources, the extent of the scam..."
"...is expected to be
in the region of Rs. 2000 crores."
"And they suspect that the remaining
3000 crores gap..."
"...is probably caused by banks
including certain securities..."
"...in their report that may not
be part of the SGL records."
Where is News Press
getting these details?
I mean... I've spoken to a hundred people
in the last ten days...
...and no one's even uttered a word.
They may have
some confidential source.
All the sources are not like
your 'Karamchand', right?
No.
It's a major source.
Someone in the system, and very senior.
They've netted some big fish.
And this big fish
has opened his mouth.
[Ghosh] 'Sir, I hope
you read the news.'
Yeah.
- Sir, Delhi is in panic.
- Good morning.
The finance minister's office
has been calling incessantly.
- What do they have to say?
- Sir, nothing much.
They'll only speak with you, sir.
Alright, I'll handle it.
This has never happened before, sir.
I mean, the RBI governor
holding a press conference...
...in reply to a newspaper article.
This could give rise to more
speculation and more questions.
It's the Press, they are
bound to ask questions.
And moreover, there
could be some questions...
...which we might not
have answers to.
[Man1] 'You need not answer
every single question.'
'You just need to deny that
the scam is of such proportions.'
'5000 crores is a number that
can shake anyone.'
'Just explain to them...'
'...that the scam
is not as big...'
'...as this article says.'
Honestly, sir,
how can I do this?
I mean, on what basis
do I deny so many facts? Huh?
I mean, how can I deny
something that is the truth?
Something that is now...
now in my knowledge.
[Man1] 'Mr. Governor,
the Prime Minister will be...'
'...very upset if such news
hurts our economic reforms.'
'Please, let us figure out a way
how to refute these allegations.'
Yeah... Yes, sir. I understand.
[Man1] 'And what's the update
on Mr. Mehta?'
Uhm... Yes.
That investigation is on too.
'Good. That should be our focus.'
Right, sir.
The cheques that Mr. Mehta
gave you...
- Those...
- Those cheques have been cleared.
So, have you cleared them
off your books too?
Meaning?
Meaning, you don't have the cheques,
but you must have the details?
[Mukherjee] 'Show me the records.'
There's Mr. Mehta.
Look, he has an account with us,
he does business with us. He can...
He can always withdraw as much
money as he wants to.
But you transfer the money
to his account, right?
So, maybe you would like to
show us...
...the transactions
to his personal accounts then?
No, no, I don't mean that.
What I mean is that...
...he had brokered a ready-forward
transactions a few days back.
So, the money came to his account.
He must've used it...
...for some other purposes.
And who did you do this
ready-forward transaction with?
As the central bank
of the country...
...we categorically deny that
the scam is of such proportions.
The details would only be known...
...after a full investigation
by the RBI team...
...into the security holdings
of these banks.
So, till then, I request you not to...
...blindly speculate, and...
...let the concerned authorities
do their job.
Sir, how did you arrive
at the conclusion...
...that the scam is
not 5,000 crores?
We know that there's
a problem in unit 64.
- Have you sorted it out?
- Not yet.
Do you know how much problem
exists in bonds?
- What is the extent of that loss?
- We're calculating that.
Do you even know
the extent of fake BRs...
...that are circulating
in the market, Mr. Governor?
[Reporter 1] 'Have you been aware
of the fact that fake BRs have been almost...'
- ...an established market practice?
- We're conducting an audit.
Sir, do you know what was happening
with portfolio money?
Why was so much money
from PSUs coming in?
- Have those calculations been made?
- Not yet.
Then on what basis are you saying
that the scam is not 5,000 crores?
- Why are you downplaying the scam?
- Look, this is just an estimation.
[Venkitarajan] 'This is
our understanding.'
We are the specialists
and we know our job.
So, Mr. Governor, you are admitting
that you have no clue.
Yet, you are adamant about the fact
that the amount cannot be 5,000 crores.
Who are we trying to protect here?
Sorry, no more questions.
Thank you.
Sir, NHB?
On the one hand, we are trying to save face
to contain the havoc...
...that this scam has created.
And on the other...
...NHB, which is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the RBI...
...is rolling out cash
to Harshad to save his back!
Mehta has made a joke
of this system.
Sir, do you think Mr. Pherwani
might also be involved?
Well, I'd like to believe
he's not involved.
But when an institution like the...
...NHB deals in such
high volume transactions...
...can't be without Pherwani's nod.
Sir, why don't you
speak to him directly?
We have to find a smarter way
to deal with this.
[Rajdeep] "Despite his denial..."
"...the RBI governor was unable to
answer a single question..."
"...from the press satisfactorily."
"The scam is a reflection of
the rot in the banking system..."
"...and the inadequate monitoring
by the RBI."
"Certain sections of the market
are extremely critical..."
"...of the ham-handed investigation
of the RBI..."
"...as they believe that
the government is simply trying..."
"...to sweep the matter
under the carpet..."
"...as more skeletons are likely
to tumble out of the closet."
So, now we're also turning the RBI governor
into a villain?
If you don't want to publish this,
why don't I give you the transcript...
...of the entire press conference
and you can print that?
No, I like this better.
- Thank you.
- Finish it.
What's with this coffee!
It's terrible.
'Today, once again,
the opposition...'
'...made a noise
in the parliament...'
'...about irregularities
worth 5000 crores...'
'RBI Governor's press
conference was also questioned...'
'...and there were demands
For a Joint Parliamentary Committee...'
'...to carry out investigations in
this matter...'
'The finance minister assured
the opposition...'
'...that the government will
soon conduct an unbiased legal investigation.'
Once again,
TOI is making a difference.
Not everyone will have had the guts
to first go against Mr. Mehta...
...and then, the RBI governor.
- Sucheta!
-[applauds]
Sucheta, I've gifted you
enough books.
Next time, I will have to gift
you some wine glasses.
So why haven't you?
You're always here.
Anyway, Debu Moshai...
...what's the occasion
for wine?
[Sucheta] 'The uproar that the article
caused in the parliament?'
Uproar in the parliament
is no big deal.
- Hmm?
- That always happens.
- They're politicians.
- Hmm.
Screaming is part
of their job profile.
Decibel levels are
at the top on their CVs...
...confirming how loud they can be...
Anyway, leaving that aside...
We are celebrating in advance.
Though the news will be
published tomorrow.
What's this
celebration-worthy news?
RBI has formed a committee
to investigate the scam.
And it will be headed by...
RBI deputy governor R. Janakiraman.
Not bad!
So the government is finally
acknowledging that they have a problem.
Officially.
- Not bad.
- Wait...
Don't drink yet. I haven't told
you the main exclusive news yet.
What exclusive news?
Listen, I'm the journalist...
...who's supposed to
get exclusive news.
Yes, but I too have my sources.
I too have my own... 'Karamchand'.
Okay, sorry.
The government has agreed to hand over
the investigation to the CBI...
...and it will be headed by
a top rank officer.
CBI? They've gotten serious, huh?
I'm serious too.
Are you?
What about?
♪This first flush...♪
♪Of a tender rhapsody...♪
♪It's a new love...♪
♪A sweet new agony...♪
[thud of golf club]
[phone ringing]
- Yes?
- Mr. Venkitarajan.
Pherwani, here.
[Pherwani] 'I've heard...'
...few men from your office are
trying to look into our books?
Mr. Pherwani,
those are not your books.
You seem to have forgotten that...
[Venkitarajan] '...NHB is
a subsidiary of RBI.'
You can't help your friends
just like that.
[Pherwani] 'No... It was
not like that.'
It was a simple
ready-forward deal, that's all.
Mr. Pherwani...
It's late.
I need to get some sleep.
Can we talk about this later?
Uh...
Mr. Venkitarajan...
I have a suggestion.
[Pherwani] 'Allow Harshad
to roll over his dues...'
...for another fortnight.
And then you will sleep in peace.
[Venkitarajan] 'Mr. Das, I haven't
called you here without a reason.'
'I must be having
a very good reason...'
'...to call the chief
of CBI directly, right?'
This committee that we're setting up
to investigate this scam...
...we'll need some additional help.
You see, there are
too many parties involved.
Too many underhand dealings
that are not above board.
And...
...too many complex,
high-level transactions.
We need to clean the system.
And for that, we need hard evidence.
We can't do anything
without the evidence.
We will investigate it thoroughly.
But CBI has never handled...
...such a financial case.
We'll need your team
to constantly...
...back us up and guide us
at every step.
Absolutely.
We are with you.
All that we ask for is...
...a good officer
to handle the investigation.
A really good officer.
I'll give you the best I have.
- Madhavan.
- Ma...
Bofors Madhavan?
Yes. Same officer.
Well...
[Song playing]